Add documentation (#10)
ofaurax/arvin2: README.md

======

A script to search in HMAP (http://hmap.fr/) set of music scores. Basically, a PHP script to search in a CSV.

Document access token

> ---------------------

Reviewer: We use ## syntax not --

Author: Fixed for subtitles and for main title.

> Tokens are used to regulate access to scores. Nobody can access to scores without it, and it has a limit date of activation.

Reviewer: "an expiration date"

If the used link to the scores is used for malicious purpose, it can be quickly deactivated to stop access from the leaked link. Then a new one can be created to provide a new access to target users.

> To create a new token, create a file in repository `private/tokens/` in the format `YYYYMMDD-KEY.txt`, by replacing `YYYYMMDD` by a given date (in format year-mont-day) which is the limit of activation of the token (passed this date, the token is disabled) and `KEY` by any alphanumeric string of characters (preferably randomly generated).

Reviewer: typo: month

Author: Fixed

> The file must just be created, there is nothing to add in it.

Reviewer: "content is ignored"

Author: Fixed

To access to the website with the token, the URL shall be: *www.mywebsite.com/?token=KEY* with *KEY* the actual `KEY` used at the end of the created file name.

Document storage
----------------

> Scores are stored in directory `private/docs`.

Reviewer: "in subdirectories of"

Author: Fixed

To add a new set of music scores here, create a new directory with the code of the score in csv (ex: "F058" for "1ere Symphonie en Ut Majeur" described in `Archives_HMAP_140126.csv`.

> Then in that directory, add all scores in PDF format.

Reviewer: PDF is not mandatory, we could provide .mus score or any document format

A script to search in HMAP (http://hmap.fr/) set of music scores. Basically, a PHP script to search in a CSV.

## Document access token

> Tokens are used to regulate access to scores. Nobody can access to scores without it, and it has an expiration date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens are used to regulate access to scores. Nobody can access scores without one, and they have an expiration date.
```

> If the used link to the scores is used for malicious purpose, it can be quickly deactivated to stop access from the leaked link. Then a new one can be created to provide a new access to target users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the used link to the scores is used for malicious purpose, it can be quickly deactivated to stop access from the leaked link, by simply removing the token. Then, a new one can be created to provide a new access to target users.
```

> To create a new token, create a file in repository `private/tokens/` in the format `YYYYMMDD-KEY.txt`, by replacing `YYYYMMDD` by a given date (in format year-month-day) which is the limit of activation of the token (passed this date, the token is disabled) and `KEY` by any alphanumeric string of characters (preferably randomly generated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new token, create a file in repository `private/tokens/` in the format `YYYYMMDD-KEY.txt`, by replacing `YYYYMMDD` by a given date (in format year-month-day) which is the date after which the token is disabled, and `KEY` by any alphanumeric string of characters. `KEY` *must be* randomly generated, because anyone that knows can access all scores. All this process can be handled by `/admin/token.php`. This script *MUST* be protected from public access.
```

> The content of this file is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of token files is ignored.
```

> To access to the website with the token, the URL shall be: *www.mywebsite.com/?token=KEY* with *KEY* the actual `KEY` used at the end of the created file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access to the website with the token, the URL shall be: *www.example.com/?token=KEY* with *KEY* the actual `KEY` used at the end of the created file name.
```

## Document storage

Scores are stored in subdirectories of `private/docs`.

> To add a new set of music scores here, create a new directory with the code of the score in csv (ex: "F058" for "1ere Symphonie en Ut Majeur" described in `Archives_HMAP_140126.csv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new set of music scores here, create a new directory with the score reference in csv (ex: "F058" for "1ere Symphonie en Ut Majeur" described in `Archives_HMAP_140126.csv`.
```

> Then in that directory, add all scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in that directory (e.g. `private/docs/F058`), add all scores.
```
